Fixes and revisions to a lot of stuffs (mainly the Options page) (#51)
MoonlightCapital/MoonlightBot-docs: README.md

A list of supported languages is available on the [Discord Developer Portal](https://discord.com/developers/docs/reference#locales); Locale, Language Name, and Native Name are all valid inputs. Alternatively, `auto` can be used for MoonlightBot to detect your preferred language from your Discord settings.

{% hint style="info" %}

> MoonlightBot is translated entirely by volunteers, so not all languages are complete and may have translation errors. If you speak one of the supported languages proficiently and would like to help us translate MoonlightBot, <a href="/support/volunteering.md#translator">please consider becoming a translator!</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MoonlightBot is translated entirely by volunteers, so not all languages are complete or not yet translated at all. Incomplete translations will show in English If you would like to help us with your native language, please consider <a href="/support/volunteering.md#translator">becoming a translator!</a>
```
